Adding docs covering conformance (#1299)
kubernetes-sigs/gateway-api: site-src/concepts/conformance.md

# Conformance

This API covers a broad set of features and use cases and has been implemented
widely. This combination of both a large feature set and variety of
implementations requires clear conformance definitions and tests to ensure the
API provides a consistent experience wherever it is used.

When considering Gateway API conformance, there are three important concepts:

## 1. Release Channels

Within Gateway API, release channels are used to indicate the stability of a
field or resource. The "standard" channel of the API includes fields and

> resources that have graduated to "beta". The "experimental" channel of the API

Reviewer: link to k8s notion of beta stability

Author: I think the best thing to link to here would be https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/using-api/#api-versioning, but it's not directly about beta stability. That is linked from our own versioning docs at the end of this paragraph, which I think may be sufficient here.

  roadmap for ALL implementations towards support of APIs in this category.
* **Extended** features are those that are portable but not universally
  supported across implementations. Those implementations that support the
  feature will have the same behavior and semantics. It is expected that some
  number of roadmap features will eventually migrate into the Core. Extended
  features will be part of the API types and schema.
* **Custom** features are those that are not portable and are vendor-specific.
  Custom features will not have API types and schema except via generic
  extension points.

Behavior and feature in the Core and Extended set will be defined and validated
via behavior-driven conformance tests. Custom features will not be covered by
conformance tests.

By including and standardizing Extended features in the API spec, we expect to
be able to converge on portable subsets of the API among implementations without
compromising overall API support. Lack of universal support will not be a
blocker towards developing portable feature sets. Standardizing on spec will
make it easier to eventually graduate to Core when support is widespread.

> ### Overlapping Support Levels

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### Overlapping Support Levels

```

Author: Updated, thanks!

> It is possible for support levels to overlap. When this occurs, the minimum

Reviewer: overlap fields within a given resource.

Author: Updated, thanks!

expressed support level should be interpreted. For example, an identical struct
may be embedded in two different places. In one of those places, the struct is
considered to have Core support while the other place only includes Extended
support. Fields within this struct may express separate Core and Extended

> support levels, but those levels may never be interpreted as exceeding the

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
support levels, but those levels must not be interpreted as exceeding the
```

Author: Updated, thanks!

support level of the parent struct they are embedded in.

For a more concrete example, HTTPRoute includes Core support for filters defined
within a Rule and Extended support when defined within BackendRef. Those filters
may separately define support levels for each field. When interpreting
overlapping support levels, the minimum value should be interpreted. That means
if a field has a Core support level but is in a filter attached in a place with

> Extended support, the interpreted support level should be Extended.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Extended support, the interpreted support level must be Extended.
```

Author: Updated, thanks!
